		       Process management 
                 ------------------------------

1.What is process ?
2.What Is a Daemon? list out some name of deamons .
3.What Are The Process States In Unix?
4.What Happens When You Execute A Program?
5.What Happens When You Execute A Command?
7.What Is A Zombie and orphan process ?
8.What Is An Advantage Of Executing A Process In Background?
9.What Is "ps" Command For?
10.How Would You Kill A Process?
11.What is a context switch?what all happens during context switch?when do u need it.
12.Pid of init process ?
13.which functions are used to get parent process identification number and process identification number.
14.Parent process id of a deamon process ?
15.How Do You Execute One Program From Within Another?
16.How Can A Parent And Child Process Communicate?
17.Brief About The Initial Process Sequence While The System Boots Up.?
18.Explain Fork(),Exec,Clone System Call.how they relate to process .?
19.List The System Calls Used For Process Management:
20.How Will You Run A Process In Background? How Will You Bring That Into Foreground And How Will You Kill That Process?
21.How Do You Find Which Process Is Taking How Much Cpu?
22.How will you distinguish if it is a process or a thread ?

22. Which is the first task what is spawned in linux kernel?
What are the processes with PID 0 and PID 1?
23.How to extract task_struct of a particular process if the stack pointer is given?
24.What is process kernel stack and process user stack? What is the size of each and how are they allocated?
25.Why do we need seperate kernel stack for each process?
26.What is thread_info? Why is it stored at the end of kernel stack?
27.What is the use of preempt_count variable?
28.What is the difference between interruptible and uninterruptible task states?
29.How processes and threads are created? (from user level till kernel level)
30.How to proceed if system is sluggish
31.How system call causes change from user to kernel space
32.How to determine if some high prio task is hogging CPU
Priority inversion, priority inheritance, priority ceiling?
How priority inheritance will work ?
33.What is Process preemption
34.what is priority inversion & priority inheritance
35.Explain about process address space with data seg,code seg..
36.how much memory is occupied by process address spcae.
37.When a same executable is excuted in two terminals like terminal 1 execute ./a.out and terminal 2 executed ./a.out what will the programe address space look like on RAM
If a global variable defined as int V1=100 in programm_1 and modified this V1=200 in programme_2. what will be printed in Programme_1 and Programme_2.

38.what is diff b/w process and threads?
39.Will threads have their own stack space?
40.can one thread access the address space of another thread?
41.What is task_struct and how are task states maintained ?


